oscar goes to
candy morning stuff you think they
bought it my mother doesn't know what
hits her thank you
for helping me peek inside this piece is
here
my last words were a clue clue to what
did you really think that this is the
flaming sword
it's so not flaming that's because only
you
my light raymond can ignite it she's
been acting very odd recently
on edge this obsession with getting home
it's a bit much
don't you think i do intend to use the
flaming sword to cut through the gates
of heaven
once i do that i plan on kicking mum
into heaven and slamming the gates on
her backside
are you sorry that this is all that was
in the safety depository
we're all going back to heaven how many
of y'all told you about our trip back to
heaven didn't they
yeah she should have told me what yuri
was trying to tell me
there's another taste missing flaming
sword into three distinct pieces the
blade of death the medallion of life
and the key that binds them all together
i need what zeke really smuggled
look down i entrusted it
to you stabbed now i'm bleeding light
it's no big deal your human body won't
be able to contain it you
you're blessed mom's powers are
returning
and it won't be long before we can't
contain them i mean she's already killed
one person and now
the detective is on her case you
you want me back in charge of hell just
disappointed
i'm gonna have to kill me i've got it
now let the detective go she wanted to
know what lucifer's plans were
i didn't want to tell her need more time
this is the real way to move forward mum
to create a whole new world your own
world without father
what's what's going on you fell off the
pier
from you i should never have got you
involved in any of this from the start
it's not like i didn't know i was
dealing with the most powerful
well i also so i'm coming over now
to tell you the truth about me
[Music]
you